
FE- Display of all user interest.

Get to show all profiles 
- TODO: use the matches as base for showing all profile

Get to show all matches
- FE for matches is ready
- TODO: backend for matches

Design Dashboard
- The data is connected and accesible for the user information.

Start work on websockets

Start a photo server. TODO: store photos in the public folder so it can be accessed via standard ENV option. - Done - the dir variable in pictureHandlers.go and the fileDirectory variable in routes.go dictate where pictures are stored and which folder is the public folder.

    - Matches pages has all matches


Check what time does a JWT token hold.

-Dashboard

    - User Profile 
    - Matches (nt. best 5 ?) Connect, Maybe next time
    - Friends online recent logins (rnd 5?) 

- Chat 

- Matches

Kood/Jõhvi


// USER MANAGEMENT

DONE - All user responses return an id in the payload. (the payload is the JWT)

DONE - The users endpoints return HTTP404 when the id is not found.

// PROFILE

DONE -The profile endpoint returns "about me" type information.

DONE - A profile picture can be set.

DONE -The user has a minimum of 5 biographical points to configure.

DONE  -It is possible to register with a username and password.

DONE -The user can change their biographical data.

DONE -The user can specify preference which target biographical data points. get Interpertation

DONE- The email address is not returned in API calls for other users

NOT YET (Empty matches and empty connections create an empty map error) - The application works with a single user.

DONE -The user is not shown any recommendations until they have completed their profile.
DONE (changed OK,  how to remove) - The profile picture can be removed or changed.

DONE - It refuses to recommend an obviously poor match.
-If the user do not speak the same language there will be no match
-if the user does not play on the same platform there will be no match
-if the user does not



DONE - The user can see a list of no more than 10 recommendations at a time.
DONE- query and return  10 new best matches based on score.
DONE- every update gets 10 new matches

DONE- The recommendations are prioritized with the best first.

DONE- The recommendations behave in line with the student's described matching logic.

DONE -It recommends obviously good matches.

DONE- The email address is not shown, except to the owner of the profile.  

// DEMO

DONE- A method was provided to load fictitious users into the system (minimum 100).

//SYSTEM

DONE -A PostgreSQL database is used as the primary application database.

DONE -The backend is implemented in Go.

DONE -The frontend is implemented in React.

CHECK - The application is responsive for mobile and desktop browsers.


CHECK- The application is secure. Information is appropriately shown to the correct authenticated users only.
PAGES for 
They are recommended
There is an outstanding connection request ()
They are connected ( buddies )

CHECK - It is possible to dismiss a recommendation.
CHECK - Create two users in an empty system with obviously poor matching characteristics. Check to make sure that they are not recommended. 
(Poor match, not the same language, not at desired distance, not on the same platform, )
CHECK - Create two users in an empty system, who appear like they should obviously match
DONE -The user can specify a location from a list   This applies for their own location only. 




TODO - Location Filter! // HANNES 

WIP -Add distance filter
    -Add logic to filter out based on distance

TODO - The user can log out. MARKO


TODO: Add Cross platform to list 

TODO -The user only sees recommendations from their location.
    TODO- additional paratmeters for match query display 
    TODO - Describe matching logic.


TODO -That recommendation is not shown again after it is dismissed.

    -TODO add logic for returning match response 
TODO Connection requests can be sent.
    -TODO add logic for returning match response 
TODO- Incoming connection requests can be accepted.
   -TODO add logic for returning match response 
TODO- Incoming connection requests can be rejected. 
        -TODO add logic for returning match response   
TODO- It is possible to disconnect with a user.
  -TODO add logic for returning match response 

TODO - Users can only see profile information when properly allowed. ( connected or matched)



// CHAT
DONE- The realtime implementation does not rely on polling. (ws)
DONE- Chats are ordered with the most recently active chat first.
DONE- Both users see the same chat history.
TODO- The chat history API data is paginated. (what is this )
TODO- Chat is only possible between connected profiles. // FE implementation only.
DONE-The chat works in real time.
TODO - An unread message icon appears when new chat messages are received in real time.
TODO - Chat messages feature a date and time.

// API DEV. CHECK

CHECK -The me endpoints correctly shortcuts to the appropriate users endpoint.

/users/{id}: which returns the user's name and link to the profile picture.
/users/{id}/profile: which returns the users "about me" type information.
/users/{id}/bio: which returns the users biographical data (the data used to power recommendations).
/me: which is a shortcut to /users/{id} for the authenticated user. You should also implement /me/profile and /me/bio.
/users/{id}/bio:

TODO- The users endpoint returns a name and profile link. ( make /users  and make it return name and profile link)

TODO- The connections endpoint only returns a list of ids. (make /connections return a list of ID's )

DONE - A chat history can be reached from the connected user's profile. Explanation each user has they own chat history, we can make a link from the buddies section.

TODO- The recommendations endpoint only returns a list of ids. (make /recommendations return a list of ID's ) NOTE: need to be logged in to get this to work

TODO- The bio endpoint returns biographical data. (make /bio  return biographical data)

TODO- This includes when the user is not allowed to see a profile. This is not quite how HTTP404 is described, but it means that a bad actor cannot distinguish between "does not exist", and "has blocked the user".



// EXTRAS
TODO -  The user experience is excellent, usable and well designed.

TODO - An offline/online indicator is shown on profile and chat views.
    - ADD field to user_matches get indication from WS map.

TODO - A typing in progress indicator is shown.

? -The recommendation algorithm is exceptional. The hardest!

TODO - It implements proximity-based location filtering.